Add /api/v1/tenant endpoint in docs (#36)
grafana/synthetic-monitoring-api-go-client: docs/API.md

## Tenants

### /api/v1/tenant

Method: GET

Authorization required: yes

Response:
```
<tenant>
```

Description:

> This entry point is used to obtain the information associated with an
> existing tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This entry point is used to obtain the information associated with the
authenticated tenant.
```
